This file describes the copyright ownership of the CAUV software, it is
relevant to all files referring to this file, license.txt.

Cambridge Hydronautics Ltd. is a company established to own the copyright
to CAUV software, so that it can be owned by a single entity, and there
is no need to repeatedly contact the many and various contributors.

This is desirable because all of the significant contributions to the
software would not work without each other - they are each completely
dependant on other parts in order to function, but unless each of the
authors assigned copyright to a single entity then the parts of the code
that each individual wrote would remain their property.

The intent of this license is to create a platform on which new,
advanced, and interested ideas for AUVs and autonomous software can be
developed by providing a stable platform for them to be built on.
In the future we hope that new members of the CAUV team will develop
better and more advanced algorithms, and take advantage of this software
platform that is and will remain freely given!

New files, and files that don't include a notice of copyright ownership
to Cambridge Hydronautics Ltd. are not covered by this license. They
remain owned by whoever writes them.

To perpetuate the arrangement, changes made to files which are marked as
copyright Cambridge Hydronautics Ltd. must be made in the understanding
Cambridge Hydronautics Ltd. retains copyright to the whole file.
The work of third parties for which you do not have the right to assign
copyright must not be included in these marked files. By editing these
marked files you agree to indemnify Cambridge Hydronautics Ltd. in
respect of claims made against it by third parties for copyright 
infringement related to the publication of this software, or concerning
the authorship of this software.

Cambridge Hydronautics Ltd. licenses this software to the CAUV student
society for all purposes other than publication of this source code.


Please direct queries to the officers of Cambridge Hydronautics:
    James Crosby    james@camhydro.co.uk
    Andy Pritchard   andy@camhydro.co.uk
    Leszek Swirski leszek@camhydro.co.uk
    Hugo Vincent     hugo@camhydro.co.uk

Cambridge Hydronautics Ltd. is registered No. 07803296 in England & Wales.



